Before doing this tutorial you should have done the tutorials Html & Css Intro and watched the intro to Visual Studio Code. If your confused you can search for help on stack overflow or ask ollama. For this tutorial we will use a GUI based text editor visual studio. This should be a bit more user friendly than nano but you can use any text editor that you like. If you get lost with how to do something you can use the help menu at the top of the window. With time you will learn what is the best place to look for help.

Okay lets click on VS code and create a new file called ```Flashcard.html```. Then in this file we will place the header by typing ```!``` and then hit the tab key to auto fill the header. Now let's fill in the title so it looks something like this:
```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Flashcard</title>
</head>
<body>
    
</body>
</html>
```

Next lets make a paragraph; label it with the id Flashcard; and write our question "What is the first album by the Fray called":
```
  <p id="Flashcard">What is the first album by The Fray called?</p>
```
Now make a couple buttons inside a div 
```
<div>
<button></button>
<button></button>
</div>
```
Now I will check if your paying attention<sup>1</sup> and I'll have you give the first button an Id of "Hint-Button" and text that says: "Give me a hint please". For the second button I will have you place an Id of "Flip-Card" and text of "Flip Card to see answer". 

Now you can open this in your browser with the method we used in Html & Css Intro [nautilius, open, or explorer.exe (for Ubuntu, Mac, or Windows respectively)]

Now it looks a little plan so lets make it look more pretty with some css. First we will create a css file called "Flashcards.css". In this file we will tell the computer how we want our webpage to look. Let's start by making our flip card button lightgreen. We will also make the border on the button slightly rounded so it looks a bit nicer.
```
 #Flip-Card {
    background-color: lightgreen;
    border-radius: 2px;
}
```
Note this is similar to what we did in tutorial 1.0. Although this time we have a #. This is because we have two buttons on the page so we are telling to computer to look for the Id of Flip-Card. The hashtag (#) tells the computer we want it to look for the Id instead of the element type. Next I will have you make the other button with the id of "Hint-Button" the background color of ```salmon``` and also give it a border radius of 2 pixels (2px). Now lets open the webpage in the browser and see what our code looks like. Boy those buttons look pretty but the rest of the page is kind of meh, so let's fix that.

First we will start by making the flashcard look like a flashcard. First let's start by adding a margin and a border. A margin is the space outside the element (in this case the paragraph). In this case the margin takes two values the top and bottom margins (20px) and the side margins (70px). The border the line around the element but inside the margin. In this case, we will use the solid border but, there is also dotted. This is what you css would look like for both things:
```
#Flashcard  {
margin: 20px 70px
}
```
Now open the site in the browser again and see how that changed things. Now we will add padding its just like the margins except this time before the colon (:) we say padding. This you can write on a new line inside the brackets ({}). Like where it says ***your code here***.
```
#Flashcard {
  margin: 20px 70px
  ***your code here***
  border-style: solid
}
```
 We will set the top and bottom to 50px and the sides to 50px as well. Now preview this in the browser. 
 
 If you did it right it should look more like a flashcard but, the text isn't centered let's fix that with text-align center:
```
#Flashcard {
  ...
  text-align: center
}
```
Note the ... is just for less typing in the example your padding, margins,  boarder styles, and ect should go there.



1: If you are struggling look at the tutorial finished examples or ask for help AI like chatGPT or Ollama. I will say your goal should be to learn tho so embrace the struggle. If I just tell you how to do everything what's the point.