Python is a coding language that is used for backend programming and data science applications. It can be run as the shell or as an executable file. We discussed bash executable files in ```The_LS_Command.md```. Simarily python files can be executed (or ran) by the computer. First let's discuss running python in the shell, but before we do that let's make sure python is installed: ```$python3 --version```. Then once you press enter the next line should say: ```Python 3.9.6``` (or some other number). If you don't have python installed and you have internet you can install it with ```sudo apt install python3```.

From the terminal we can start the python shell by typing ```$ python3```. Then it should tell you a some information and give you the prompt ```>>>```. This prompt is just like the ```$``` and we can type python commands (aka code) into the computer and it will give us a response. Let's try typeing ```>>> print("Hello World")``` (and hit enter of course). And Wa La it prints out Hello World. Now we can try some math: ```>>>2+2```. This should return 4. How about something more complex ```>>> if (2+2 == 4)```. Now something wierd happens we get a different prompt: ```... ``` This is just telling us our code isn't done writing because we told the computer if this but we didn't tell it what to do afterwards. So what do we want are computer to do if 2+2=4 well lets have it print Hello World. Then once you're done with that (can't make it too easy) hit enter and you still see the ```...``` go ahead and hit enter again. And we see our output: ```Hello World```. To exit the prompts you can press ctrl + d or type ```exit()```

Now lets do the same thing but as a file which we can run. 